MITRE Att&CK indicator: fixed word bound in indicator regex (#10875)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedMitreAttack/ReleaseNotes/1_1_9.md

#### Indicator Types
- **MITRE ATT&CK**

> Fixed an issue where the indicator matched invalid text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where an indicator would match on invalid text.
```
